Tute : Answer all questions and upload answers.  
1) What is quality?  
2) What is the difference between quality assurance and testing?  
3) How much testing is enough?  
4) Is the software defect -free?   
5) If we don't find defects does that mean the users will accept the software?   
-------- MCQ -------------------------------------------------------------  
6) Which of the statements below is the best assessment of how the test principles 
apply across the test life cycle?  
a. Test principles only affect the prep aration for testing.  
b. Test principles only affect test execution activities.  
c. Testprinciplesaffecttheearlytestactivities such as a review.  
d. Test principles affect activities throughout the test life cycle.   
 
7) Which of the following is most importan t to promote and maintain good relation - 
ships between testers and developers?  
a. Understanding what managers value about testing.  
b. Explaining test results in a neutral fashion.  
c.Identifying potential customer workarounds for bugs.  
d.Promoting better qu ality software whenever possible.   
8) Ensuring that test design starts during the requirements definition phase is 
important to enable which of the following test objectives?  
a. Preventing defects in the system.  
b. Finding defects through dynamic testing.  
c. Gaining confidence in the system.   
d. Finishing the project on time.  
 
9) Which of the following statements is true?  
 
a. Testing cannot prove that software is correct  
 
b. Testing can prove that software is either correct or incorrect  
 
c. Testing cannot prove that software is incorrect  
 
d. Testing can prove that software is correct  
 
10) Which statement about combinations of inputs and preconditions is true for a 
large system?  
 
a. It is not possible to test any of them  
 
b. It is easy to test them al l in a short time  
 
c. It is essential to test them all in order to do good testing  
 
d. It is not practically possible to test them all  
 
